Update security.md (#114)
MicrosoftDocs/well-architected: well-architected/services/networking/azure-front-door/security.md

|Recommendation|Description|
|--------------|-----------|

> |Consider using geo-filtering in Azure Front Door.|The Front Door service responds to user requests regardless of the location of the user making the request. To receive traffic from specific countries, use geo-filtering on Web Application Firewall for Azure Front Door. For more information on geo-filtering see [Web Application Firewall on Front Door geo-filtering](/azure/web-application-firewall/afds/waf-front-door-geo-filtering) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Consider using geo-filtering in Azure Front Door.|The Front Door service responds to user requests regardless of the location of the user making the request. To receive traffic from specific countries, use geo-filtering on Web Application Firewall for Azure Front Door. For more information on geo-filtering see [Web Application Firewall on Front Door geo-filtering](/azure/web-application-firewall/afds/waf-front-door-geo-filtering). |
```

> |Consider using geo-filtering in Azure Front Door.|The Front Door service responds to user requests regardless of the location of the user making the request. To receive traffic from specific countries, use geo-filtering on Web Application Firewall for Azure Front Door. For more information on geo-filtering see [Web Application Firewall on Front Door geo-filtering] (/azure/web-application-firewall/afds/waf-front-door-geo-filtering) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Consider using geo-filtering in Azure Front Door.|The Front Door service responds to user requests regardless of the location of the user making the request. To receive traffic from specific countries, use geo-filtering on Web Application Firewall for Azure Front Door. For more information on geo-filtering see [Web Application Firewall on Front Door geo-filtering](/azure/web-application-firewall/afds/waf-front-door-geo-filtering) |
```

> |Consider using geo-filtering in Azure Front Door.|The Front Door service responds to user requests regardless of the location of the user making the request. If you have a specific need to receive traffic from specific countries, you can use geo-filtering on Web Application Firewall for Azure Front Door. For more information on geo-filtering [Web Application Firewall on Front Door geo-filtering] (azure/web-application-firewall/afds/waf-front-door-geo-filtering) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Consider using geo-filtering in Azure Front Door.|The Front Door service responds to user requests regardless of the location of the user making the request. To receive traffic from specific countries, use geo-filtering on Web Application Firewall for Azure Front Door. For more information on geo-filtering see [Web Application Firewall on Front Door geo-filtering] (/azure/web-application-firewall/afds/waf-front-door-geo-filtering) |
```
